http://www.themarysue.com/feed/ Regulier Geek
http://shoryuken.com/feed/ Regulier Gaming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/FutilityCloset Regulier Trivia
http://www.scienceforthepeople.ca/episodes/rss-feed Rare Podcast Science
http://www.psyetgeek.com/feed Occasionnel Gaming Social
http://indiestatik.com/feed/ Regulier Gaming Indie
http://typecast.com/feeds/news?AD1af720303f8c9e4c977b92d73df9406ec40a8720 Regulier Typographie
http://www.mhfreq.org/feed Regulier Gaming Feminisme
http://odditie-s.tumblr.com/rss Regulier Gaming Indie
http://feeds.feedburner.com/crepegeorgette Regulier Social
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss Rare Geek
http://feeds.feedburner.com/RockPaperShotgun Regulier Gaming
http://www.polygon.com/rss/index.xml Regulier Gaming
http://allodoxia.blog.lemonde.fr/feed/ Regulier Science Vulgarisation
http://reflexivites.hypotheses.org/feed Regulier Social Blog
http://blog.brendanvance.com/feed/ Regulier Gaming Blog
http://curnblog.com/feed/ Occasionnel Cinema Blog
http://flowingdata.com/feed/ Regulier Blog Data Science Geek
http://feeds.newscientist.com/science-news Regulier Science
http://feeds.newscientist.com/letters Occasionnel Science
http://www.framablog.org/index.php/feed/atom Regulier Geek
https://hacks.mozilla.org/feed/ Regulier Dev
http://www.eco-bretons.info/rss.xml Regulier
https://www.djangoproject.com/rss/community/blogs/ Regulier Dev
https://www.djangoproject.com/rss/community/q-and-a/ Occasionnel Dev
http://www.april.org/fr/rss.xml Regulier Libre
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SkepticallySpeaking Occasionnel Podcast
http://freegamer.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Regulier Gaming Linux Libre
http://feeds.twit.tv/floss.xml Regulier Podcast
http://feeds.twit.tv/code.xml Occasionnel Dev
https://feeds.feedburner.com/urbanews/mag Regulier Infos
https://theintercept.com/feed/?rss Regulier Infos
http://the-toast.net/feed/ Regulier