http://www.themarysue.com/feed/ Regulier Geek
http://shoryuken.com/feed/ Regulier Gaming
http://feeds.gawker.com/lifehacker/full Occasionnel Trivia
http://feeds.feedburner.com/FutilityCloset Regulier Trivia
http://www.scienceforthepeople.ca/episodes/rss-feed Rare Podcast Science
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ Regulier Linux
http://www.psyetgeek.com/feed Occasionnel Gaming Social
http://indiestatik.com/feed/ Regulier Gaming Indie
http://typecast.com/feeds/news?AD1af720303f8c9e4c977b92d73df9406ec40a8720 Regulier Typographie
http://www.mhfreq.org/feed Regulier Gaming Feminisme
http://odditie-s.tumblr.com/rss Regulier Gaming Indie
http://feeds.feedburner.com/crepegeorgette Regulier Social
http://thekoreanforeigner.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Occasionnel Social
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss Regulier Geek
http://feeds.feedburner.com/RockPaperShotgun Regulier Gaming
http://www.polygon.com/rss/index.xml Regulier Gaming
http://allodoxia.blog.lemonde.fr/feed/ Occasionnel Science Vulgarisation
http://reflexivites.hypotheses.org/feed Regulier Social Blog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheReasonIAmHere Regulier Geek Misc
http://blog.brendanvance.com/feed/ Regulier Gaming Blog
http://curnblog.com/feed/ Regulier Cinema Blog
http://feeds.apartmenttherapy.com/apartmenttherapy/main Regulier Deco DIY Trivia
http://flowingdata.com/feed/ Regulier Blog Data Science Geek
http://feeds.newscientist.com/science-news Regulier Science
http://feeds.newscientist.com/physics-math Occasionnel Science
http://feeds.newscientist.com/letters Occasionnel Science
